standard section overhaul (#175)
lukso-network/docs: docs/standards/smart-contracts/lsp0-erc725-account.md

The **LSP0ERC725Account** contract is an implementation for the **[LSP0-ERC725Account Standard](../universal-profile/lsp0-erc725account)**. This contract forms a **Universal Profile** when combined with **[LSP3-UniversalProfile-Metadata Standard](https://github.com/lukso-network/LIPs/blob/main/LSPs/LSP-3-UniversalProfile-Metadata.md)**.

This contract could be used as a _blockchain-based account_ by humans, machines, organizations, or even other smart contracts. It has all the basic functionalities of an _Externally Owned Account_ (EOA), as well as the following functions that give the contract additional features:

> - [`execute(...)`](#execute) : enables the execution of functions on other contracts, to transfer value, or to deploy new contracts.

Author: b) sounds nice. thank you!

constructor(address newOwner) ERC725(newOwner)
```

> The function sets the **initial owner** of the contract and registers the **LSP0 ERC725Account**, **[ERC1271](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1271)**, and **[LSP1 UniversalReceiver InterfaceIds](./interface-ids.md)**.

Reviewer: Please re-add the previous links to "./interface-ids.md", as we need these links so that people can easily find the `bytes4` interface IDs of the _lsp-smart-contracts_

function owner() public view returns (address owner)
```

> The function returns the address of the current owner of the smart contract.

Reviewer 2: no need to add "The function"

> The function returns the address of the current owner of the smart contract.

Reviewer: The sentence descriptions in the contracts API docs need to be very short.
See Uniswap Contract API docs as an example for the sentence: https://docs.uniswap.org/protocol/reference/core/UniswapV3Factory#setowner

```suggestion
Returns the address of the current account owner.
```

function transferOwnership(address newOwner) public {
```

> The function transfers the ownership of the contract to the `newOwner` address.

Reviewer 2: can you revert this pls

) public payable returns (bytes memory result)
```

> The function executes a call on any other smart contracts, transfers value, or deploys a new smart contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call any other smart contracts, transfer value, or deploy a new smart contract.
```

Executes a call on any other smart contracts, transfers value, or deploys a new smart contract.

> The `operationType` can be the following:

Reviewer 2: agree

_Triggers the **[ContractCreated](#contractcreated)** event when a smart contract is created using `CREATE/CREATE2` operations._

:::note
The `execute(...)` function can only be called by the current owner of the contract.
:::

#### Parameters:

| Name            | Type    | Description                                                                                                              |
| :-------------- | :------ | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `operationType` | uint256 | The type of operation that needs to be executed.                                                                         |

> | `to`            | address | The address you want to interact with. The field `to` will be unused if a contract is created (operations 1 & 2).        |

Reviewer 2: 1) agree with not using you. Maybe something generic like "The address to interact with".
2) field -> either address OR "the parameter"

) public
```

> Sets data in the account storage for a particular key as **bytes**.

Reviewer: Suggests **bytes** -> `bytes`

as it is a parameter name.

```suggestion
Sets data in the account storage for a particular key as `bytes`.
```

_Triggers the **[DataChanged](#datachanged)** event when successfully setting the data ._

:::note
The `setData(...)` function can only be called by the current owner of the contract.
:::

#### Parameters:

| Name    | Type    | Description                             |
| :------ | :------ | :-------------------------------------- |

> | `key`   | bytes32 | The key for which you want to set data. |

Reviewer: Same comment about "you" as mentioned above.

| `value` | bytes   | The data you want to set as bytes.      |

### getData

```solidity
function getData(bytes32 key) public view returns (bytes memory value)
```

> Is called to retrieve the data set for the given key.

Reviewer: Can we please always use present tense / 3rd person singular for the API docs.

Reviewer 2: agree

) public
```

Sets an array of data at multiple keys in the account storage.

_Triggers the **[DataChanged](#datachanged)** event when successfully setting the data._

:::note
The `setData(...)` function can only be called by the current owner of the contract.
:::

#### Parameters:

| Name     | Type            | Description                     |
| :------- | :-------------- | :------------------------------ |
| `keys`   | bytes32[&nbsp;] | The keys for which to set data. |
| `values` | bytes[&nbsp;]   | The array of data to set.       |

### getData (Array)

```solidity
function getData(bytes32[] memory keys) public view returns (bytes[] memory values)
```

> Retrieves an array of data for multiple given keys.

Reviewer: I find this style and sentence perfect 👍 
This should be used as a documented example for the conventions in the docs!

Author: thank you!

)
```

> _The event **MUST** be fired when the **[`universalReceiver(...)`](#universalreceiver)** function is successfully executed._

Reviewer 2: i'm not sure if adding "the event" on every lines adds value here

@CJ42
